Warning: This page is translated by machine, which may lead to poor quality or incorrect information, please read with caution!

# How to get the folder to both Checkmk instances. - How to get the folder to both Checkmk.general Collection** - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the folder to the command. - How to get the command to the command. - How to get the command to the command. - How to get the command to the command. - How to get the command. - How to get the command. - How to the command. - How to get the command. - How to the command. - How to to to to to to to to to to to to to to get. - How to to to get. - How - How to to get. - How to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to: How to: How to: How to: How to to: How to: How to to: How to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to